Your Majesty, think again.
The military general holds half of the tiger talismans of Great Xia
If given to such a stupid person
How can you protect me from Daxia Kingdom?
A gentleman's word
Horses are hard to chase
His Royal Highness
Can't you go back on it?
I'm not finished yet.
If you can't answer
According to the law
You are thinking about Wu Bi
Breaking the law is a punishment
How dare you kill me?
My father and Yan Xiao are still by my side
They won't let you do it
His Royal Highness
Needless to say
Just ask
Ok then I'll ask you
You are the champion
Presumably talented
full of economy
I'd like to hear it
How did you do on this answer sheet?
His Royal Highness Prince Yanxia is asking Qin Wei
What are you in such a hurry for?
Know why you can't be
Because you exchanged a poor child
Hu Zhongliang's Me
People like you
If you can be the champion
Where are the people with lofty ideals in the world?
So what?
Poor disciple
Their fates were sealed by execution at birth
Is to be a stepping stone for us
People like him
Even as one of the three great talents in the capital
So what?
No money, no power
To the end
Look at my face.
Shameless as you say
I set up the imperial examination
Recruit the children of the world's cold text to enter the room
It was a joke.
These transverse acid people
I can't get on the table